readme: add deps chart (#4)
Blockstream/lwk: README.md

> ## Structure
> 
> ```mermaid
>   graph TD;
>       cli-->app;
>       cli-->rpc_model;
> 
>       app-->common;
>       app-->wollet;
>       app-->signer;
>       app-->tiny_jrpc;
>       app-->rpc_model;
> 
>       jade-->common;
> 
>       signer-->common;
>       signer-->jade;
> 
>       wollet-->common;
>       
>       bindings-->signer;
>       bindings-->wollet;
> ```
> 
> Instead of going for a monolithic approach, we opted to split
> the projects in different components that might be useful
> independently:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Workspace Structure

The projects are split into different component crates that might be useful independently. 

Internal crate dependencies are shown in this diagram, where an arrow indicates "depends on": 

```mermaid
  graph TD;
      cli-->app;
      cli-->rpc_model;

      app-->common;
      app-->wollet;
      app-->signer;
      app-->tiny_jrpc;
      app-->rpc_model;

      jade-->common;

      signer-->common;
      signer-->jade;

      wollet-->common;
      
      bindings-->signer;
      bindings-->wollet;
```
## Crates 
```

Reviewer: it seems code blocks don't do that well in suggest blocks
